Make reformatting options more verbose (#1142)
precice/precice: .github/pull_request_template.md

## Author's checklist

* [ ] I added a changelog file with this PR number in `docs/changelog/` if there are noteworthy changes.

> * [ ] I ran `tools/formatting/check-format` and everything is formatted correctly. Run `tools/formatting/format-all` to reformat files automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ ] I ran `tools/formatting/format-all` to ensure everything is formatted correctly.
```

Author: I was not sure if one suggests this, without any risk of messing something up. I never had the reformatting fail for me, but who knows. I also prefer the shorter/simpler solution. :smile:
